{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green45\blue118;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13240\viewh9320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
IMPORTANT: You have two extra credit assignments, both are identical. You can choose to complete it once, twice, or not at all. You will see two identical assignments listed here and if you choose to submit two extra credit assignments you must submit one for each listed assignment. If you include both responses in one assignment submission, you will only get credit for one submission. Each submission is worth UP TO one point on your final grade, and if you complete both, you can earn up to two points (moving from an 88% to a 90%, for example).\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DIRECTIONS:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
For extra credit, you will listen to and review a world music album. There are far too many to choose from, so I am going to limit you to those that have won or been nominated for a Grammy award within the World Music category. (This has it's own issues of exclusion, but it will work for our needs! If you have a different album you would like to review, just ask first.) You will need to link the album to our course's material for this assignment, something to keep in mind when choosing.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Here is a list of those albums: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grammy_Award_for_Best_World_Music_Album"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grammy_Award_for_Best_World_Music_Album}}\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Once you choose an album, find it on Spotify (or somewhere similar) and give it a few listens. (Note that not all of the albums are on Spotify, but you can usually find them on YouTube, iTunes, or some other service.)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DO NOT
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0choose an album or artist that we discussed in the course. (For example, do not use Ravi Shankar's Carnegie Hall Concert album.)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
After listening to the album multiple times, reading reviews, revisiting the course content, and listening one or two more times for good measure, you will write a short essay about the whether and how the artist follows this course's theme of "tradition and transformation." In the essay, which will be approximately 500 words, you will discuss relevant information including:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The importance of the artist, collaborators, etc.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A brief background on the artist(s)'s chosen genre, including any national or communal import\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Any specific innovations made by the artist, producers, etc.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Any political or social motivations in the musical content\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Any specific social contexts in which this music fell\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your opinions about artistic, social, political, directions followed by the artist\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The inspirations, musical legacies, or other historical connotations that you hear or read\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Other materials that you deem pertinent, from both within and outside of the course\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
The essay must be cohesive and direct, not a rambling through facts and opinions. Find an angle, a main point, and use your resources from within and outside the class to prove that each point is relevant. Writing style will be taken into consideration. This is a listening assignment and requires that you demonstrate, through your writing, that you have listened to and understood the album. The essay will be graded out of 10, and you will need to earn each point. This will be more difficult than in the essay response assignments. A 3/10 will give your final grade a 0.3% boost, a 9/10 will convert into a 0.9% bump.\
As stated above, you can do two essays (for two different albums) and submit them using the Turnitin links below. The deadline is firm, and will come before your final projects are graded. If you think that you may-possibly-perhaps-could use some extra points, do the extra credit. If you need a specific grade to graduate and you are currently there, but close to the edge, do the extra credit. Let me repeat: 
\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You will not know your final grade (with final quiz and project scores) before this is due, so be safe!
\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Both extra credit essays are due by midnight on 
\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Monday, December 7th.
\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Good luck.}