{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19140\viewh14440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Musical Event Reports (Two)\
\
For this class, you will write two musical event reports. If you have taken a music class before, you may be familiar with the \'93concert report\'94: you go to a concert, write about the event and the music that you hear, and then hand your paper in with some documentation that you attended. These are similar, but I want to focus on the fact that listening to music is not the only way of engaging with it. For at least one (or both) you will actively participate in the \'93musicking\'94 in some other way in addition to listening (don\'92t worry: no musical training is necessary!). The musical event reports are described in the syllabus this way:\
\

\i You will write two reflective concert reports about two different live musical events that you attend during the course of the semester. These will not be pre-recorded or televised performances, but events that you attend. Similarly, they will be events that occur during the period of the semester while you are enrolled in the course. This gives you the opportunity to utilize the concepts and contexts that we discuss in the course when making your analysis. For at least one event, you are required to participate in some active way (beyond listening). This can include dancing, performing, improvising, singing, producing, directing, etc. If this sounds particularly tricky, consider these potential examples: Christmas Caroling, participating in a workshop with a world music ensemble at FSU, line dancing at your local country music outfit, square dancing or contra dancing in your community, clubbing, setting up a gig for a friend\'92s band, singing around a camp fire, joining the hip hop club on campus for Freestyle Friday, performing at an open mic night, and anything else that you can think of. If you are uncertain of the appropriateness of your idea, contact me and we can discuss it. This different mode of interaction will guide your reflection of the experience and give you a new perspective from which to respond. \

\i0 \

\i The region surrounding and including Tallahassee offers a wealth of musical cultures, as we will see in each unit of our class. These include Irish or Old Time sessions, FSU\'92s world music ensembles, local blues clubs, drum circles, theaters, and more. Even football games are interesting musical experiences worth discussing. For those outside Tallahassee, you should check local newspapers and websites for musical events in your area. Finding a place to participate might be a little more difficult, but recognize that most musical communities are very welcoming of new people and you may find yourself drawn in more intensely than you had expected. I will provide a number of possibilities for those in the area on Blackboard, many of which have analogous organizations throughout the country.\

\i0 \
For each of the two essays, you will write 750 words. If you choose to attend an event and participate as a listener/audience member, your essay will:\
\
1. compare and interpret the variety of artistic works that you hear, placing them within a cultural context as supported by materials you receive or conversations you have with performers or audience members, or from independent research in the library or online;\
\
2. analyze how these activities demonstrate the potential benefits and/or conflicts that arise from this community\'92s place within its regional, national, and/or international landscape;\
\
3. examine the perspectives of music making within this community, how it presents itself and its music, how it orients any visible (or aural) cultural patterns within the performance, and how it responds to global pressures (how is the music changing within this performative context); and\
\
4. ask and attempt to answer questions about the performers\'92 goals as they present the sounds on stage or within whatever contexts you found and heard them.\
\
When you are participating in some other way in addition to listening/watching\'97perhaps as a dancer, performer, accompanist, singer, illustrator, producer, who knows\'97your response will:\
\
1. describe what you did, and how you arrived at a position to do it;\
\
2. synthesize the experience of participating in a style of musical production that is or is not familiar, how this impacts your understanding of your musical self, and how it changes your tastes and understanding of the musical style that you describe; and\
\
3. compare your own perspectives changes, if any, regarding this performance and community before and after you participated in the described activity.\
\
You can do two events where you participate actively, but you cannot report on two events where you are \'93just\'94 listening or watching. Get out there and dance like nobody is watching! In either case, your writing should bounce between personal reflection and anthropological/ethnomusicological observation. You are a participant-observer, to use the anthropology term. Write about what is happening, why, how individuals are interacting, how the community works, and where you fit into it. Do not be afraid to ask questions and start conversations. Most of all, however, do not be afraid to make mistakes or have fun.\
\
You will have two different submission links with different due dates. You can submit either paper in each, but be sure to be on time.}